Adding difference in Operator capitalization for marketing vs technic… (#54412)
openshift/openshift-docs: contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc

- Node Tuning Operator
- Cluster Version Operator

[NOTE]
====
Brand and legal guidance for Operator names will likely differ. For marketing materials, they prefer lowercase names for anything that is not a Red Hat product.

> However, the Brand team recognizes that there are different standards for marketing materials versus technical content. For this reason, the title case capitalization for Operator names in technical product documentation and OperatorHub is acceptable. We are working with the Brand team to get this difference in writing somewhere more official.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the Brand team recognizes that there are different standards for marketing materials versus technical content. For this reason, the title case capitalization for Operator names in technical product documentation and OperatorHub is acceptable. We are working with the Brand team to publish official guidance.
```
